This file does not reflect reality for this archive. It is kept here for historical reasons only.
Hello and welcome to the DECtalk Archive!  This archive contains
MP3 files, wav files and other types of files where DECtalk and
other speech synthesizers are singing or doing other funny things. 
There are also many hardware speech synthesizer demonstrations, and
DECtalk renditions of Red Dwarf episodes!  Most anything speech
synthesizer related is welcome here.
     This archive was formerly hosted at onj.andrelouis.com, and my
site just had a mirror of the archive.  However, on August 17,
2005, the onj.andrelouis.com copy of the archive was shut down and
I officially declared myself to be the archive maintainer.
     Currently, file upload is unavailable.  Please check back
soon, as I am looking for a secure mechanism to make this
available.
     Please be aware that this archive is being hosted on a
residential DSL Internet connection, and download speeds from the
archive may be much slower than people might expect.  I am
seriously considering looking at mirroring options which will solve
this problem.
     If any files in this archive should not be here or should be
moved to another directory or you have a file to contribute, please
Email me at ratguy@bellsouth.net and give me the relevant info.  If
you have a file to contribute, you can attach it to your Email if
the file is small enough, or if not we can work something out so
you can get the file to me.
     Thanks and enjoy the archive!
